Update installation.md (#1743)
botpress/v12: docs/docs/overview/quickstart/installation.md

---

> Installing Botpress is easy. We build and distribute binaries of the latest stable version (and nightly builds) of the [GitHub master branch](https://github.com/botpress/botpress/releases). There is also a Desktop app. <!-- haven't found it, can we link to it? Or is it in the release package? -->

Author: Still unhappy about this. "Getting started with Botpress" is not true at all. 
"Installing Botpress is easy." could be a solution because I could run the server pretty quickly.

Author: ```suggestion
Getting started with Botpress is easy. We build and distribute binaries of the latest stable version and nightly builds of the Github master branch and also have a Desktop app.
```

## Quick Install

This option provides standard installation without any specific customization or advanced configuration and is the recommended straightforward way to download and install the latest version of Botpress.

Head over to the [**download page**](https://botpress.com/download). Download and install the latest Botpress version according to your operating system.
If you are using Linux, you must use the `sudo snap install Botpress_VERSION_NUMBER.snap --force-dangerous` command. You can then load Botpress by searching for the app on your operating system.
 
## Alternative - Download Binaries

> This option is useful if you want to run Botpress with special parameters, customize it for server environments, or use it in lightweight Linux desktop environments. <!-- What is special if I download the latest from the download page here? -->

Author: question 2

Author: ```suggestion
This option is useful if you want to run Botpress with special parameters, run it from a server, or in lightweight Linux desktop environments. <!-- What is special if I download the latest from the download page here? -->
```

Download the latest stable binaries from the [**download page**](https://botpress.com/download). You can also find all versions and nightly builds in our public [**S3 Bucket**](https://s3.amazonaws.com/botpress-binaries/index.html).

## Alternative - Install Binaries

> <!-- Shouldn't this be "Install Botpress" isn't that required for both the quick install and the binaries? -->

Author: question 3

> ## Alternative - Install Binaries
> <!-- Shouldn't this be "Install Botpress" isn't that required for both the quick install and the binaries? -->

Author: ```suggestion
## Install Botpress
```

## Quick Install

This option provides standard installation without any specific customization or advanced configuration and is the recommended straightforward way to download and install the latest version of Botpress.

Head over to the [**download page**](https://botpress.com/download). Download and install the latest Botpress version according to your operating system.
If you are using Linux, you must use the `sudo snap install Botpress_VERSION_NUMBER.snap --force-dangerous` command. You can then load Botpress by searching for the app on your operating system.
 
## Alternative - Download Binaries

> This option is useful if you want to run Botpress with special parameters, run it from a server, or in lightweight Linux desktop environments. <!-- What is special if I download the latest from the download page here? -->

Author: question 2

- The right to read/write to the Botpress directory and subdirectories.

## Alternative - Starting Botpress Binaries

> <!-- as above. Shouldn't this be "Starting Botpress" isn't that required for both the quick install and the binaries? -->

Author: question 4

To start Botpress, double-click on the `bp` file in the directory you extracted Botpress.

Alternatively, start Botpress from the terminal using the command:

```bash
./bp

> ```

Author: ````suggestion
```

To see all the commands available, run `./bp --help`.

![CLI Start](/assets/cli-help.png)
````

- The right to read/write to the Botpress directory and subdirectories.

> ## Alternative - Starting Botpress Binaries
> <!-- as above. Shouldn't this be "Starting Botpress" isn't that required for both the quick install and the binaries? -->

Author: ```suggestion
## Starting Botpress
```

To start Botpress, double-click on the `bp` file in the directory you extracted Botpress.

Alternatively, start Botpress from the terminal using the command:

```bash
./bp
```

> To see all the commands available, run `./bp --help`.

Author: ```suggestion
To see all the commands available in the Command Line Interface (CLI), run `./bp --help`.
```

```

> ### Alternative - Commands

Author: ```suggestion
```

> <!-- for me this would go up to the previous paragraph -->

Author: question 5. 

I'd like tfo merge the two lines into "Starting Botpress". For me when looking at it again, the terminal and the CLI are the same thing. We just need to add the --help command above. https://github.com/botpress/v12/pull/1743/files#diff-ddef161647c824f425001687d86a721502ab5490ab90c9f26248e9e461df2f02R38

Author: ```suggestion
```

> You may also start Botpress Server using the Command Line Interface (CLI). To see all the commands available, run `./bp --help`.
> 
> ![CLI Start](/assets/cli-help.png)

Author: ```suggestion
```
